https://blueprints.launchpad.net/or/+spec/distributed-power: Distributed power cab display and controls (#559)
openrails/openrails: Source/Documentation/Manual/cabs.rst

    Units ( FEET )
  )

.. _cabs-distributed-power:

Distributed Power
-----------------

The principles of Distributed Power are described :ref:`here <distributed-power>` .

Distributed Power data can be displayed using control ORTS_DISTRIBUTED_POWER. Here 
an example of use::

	ScreenDisplay (
      Type ( ORTS_DISTRIBUTED_POWER SCREEN_DISPLAY )
      Position (  164.4 286.5 136 52 )
		Parameters (
         FullTable True
		)
      Units ( KM_PER_HOUR )
		ORTSDisplay ( 1 )
		ORTSScreenPage ( "2300-0" )
   )  

Here below an example of the output of the above control.

> .. image:: images/cabs-distributed-power.png

Reviewer: Image seems to be missing from the commit

Author: Missing picture added, thanks

When parameter FullTable is set to False, only the first 6 lines 
are displayed.

> For every keyboard command related to Distributed Power, also a cabview control 
> is available. Here a list of the self-explaining controls::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every keyboard command related to Distributed Power, a cabview control 
is also available. Here's a list of the cabview controls::
```
